Derek Norton
FOUNDER & NON-EXEC CHAIRMAN
Derek is a serial entrepreneur and venture capitalist with over 25 years of business building, operational, and investing experience in the technology, internet and digital media industries.

Derek is the founder and managing partner of Watertower Advisors, an industry leading boutique investment bank advising technology, internet and digital media companies utilizing a differentiated approach to fund raising and M&A. 

He is also the founder and managing general partner of the Watertower Ventures Early Access Fund, a seed and early stage venture capital fund investing in innovative entrepreneurs building products and services for the connected consumer.

In his role at Watertower Advisors, Derek has advised over 200 companies including Widevine, ExtendMedia, Envivio, Riot Games and Machinima through their business building processes and has been an active investor for over 18 years. Prior to founding Watertower Advisors, Derek was a partner at Entertainment Media Ventures, a Michael Milken backed, $120 million seed and early stage venture capital fund focused on investments in the broadband infrastructure, consumer internet and digital media sectors. Before EMV, Derek founded both Jeffries Technologies, which became one of Inc. Magazine’s 500 fastest growing privately held U.S. companies, and Digital Boardwalk, which became Netscape’s second commercial application partner.

Derek holds a BA in Communications from the University of Southern California and is a frequent speaker and panelist on the subjects of technology, consumer internet and venture capital. He serves on several corporate boards, and is an active advisor and mentor to numerous startups. Derek is the founder of the Innovators Collective, an ongoing event for entrepreneurs, investors and senior executives. He supports charities focused on improving the lives and education of under-privileged youths, is a former member of the board of directors of The Fulfillment Fund, and previously served as Vice President of the Los Angeles Museum of Contemporary Art, Contemporaries.